Hello everyone, this is Mr. Junkie here! And
today we'll be talking about a fantasy action
filmed called Journey to the West; Conquering
the Demons! Be ready for some spoilers ahead!
A long time ago in a fishing village of
China, a little girl is playing on the
edges of a lake while her father
prepares to start the day's work.
Seeing that the girl is upset
that her old man is leaving again,
he goes into the water and begins playing
around, turning her tears into smiles again.
Suddenly, the man begins convulsing
chaotically inside the lake,
and eventually gets dragged around
through the water by something from below.
The girl continues to laugh, not
realizing that her father is in danger,
until the man disappears, leaving
only blood inside the water.
The villagers quickly hire a demon hunter who
begins chanting and throwing bombs inside the
lake, causing a large explosion inside
the water as everyone looks in amazement.
They are able to capture a giant
stingray, and the hunter claims that
this creature was possessed by a demon who's
responsible for killing the man from earlier.
The people are extremely thankful
that the monster is caught,
but a person inside the crowd tells them that
the fish is not a demon, only a common stingray.
Apparently, the man's name is Tang, who's
also a demon hunter and a monk's apprentice.
The other demon hunter hears this and quickly
accuses Tang as being an accomplice with the
demon, causing the villagers to attack the man
furiously, eventually tying him up as punishment.
Everyone begins jumping into the
water, believing that it's safe,
while Tang watches hopelessly at the people.
Their celebration is quickly ended when
a woman gets devoured by a giant beast,
as everyone looks in disbelief.
The people begin rushing back to shore, believing
that they are safe as long as they're out of the
water, but they are quickly proven wrong as the
monster grabs the villagers using it's tongue.
The little girl from before
tries to run towards her mother,
but the creature takes the chance and grabs on
to the child, trying to drag her into the water.
The villagers run to help the little girl and
cut off the monster's tongue while catching
her on the edge of the bridge, but the creature
jumps up and takes the girl inside its mouth.
The mother becomes furious and jumps down into
the lake, trying desperately to save her daughter,
while Tang begins using his teeth
to free himself from the ropes.
She is paralyzed with fear when she sees
the giant monster appearing from the water,
trembling with anger as it stares at the woman.
She begs the creature to return her child, but
the demon only responds by devouring her as well.
The monster breaks the buildings
nearby, causing all the people to
loose their balance while a baby slides
towards the lake away from his mother.
Luckily, Tang is able to break free
and jumps down near the platform,
making the baby slide towards him instead.
He grabs the infant as the giant
creature launches towards him,
but Tang manages to escape in time
and traps the monster on the platform,
using the creature's weight
to jump towards the people.
Tang gives the child back to his mother,
but only sees that the fake demon
hunter is hiding like a coward.
an enormous girl runs out from the crowds,
causing earthquakes with every step she takes,
and jumps down towards the monster.
The massive woman lands on the platform
and sends the creature flying into the air,
landing right on top of the fake
demon hunter before he can escape.
The creature begins transforming back slowly,
eventually turning into a young
man who appears to be harmless.
The villagers sees this and
tries to kill the demon,
but Tang stops the violence
and offers a better way.
The man takes out a bunch of instruments and
then a book that's called the 300 nursery rhymes,
preparing to unleash his musical talents in
order to change the monster from evil to good.
Tang begins singing horrifically, which confuses
the demon and the audience at the same time.
The man's lyrics and performance were soo
bad that it drives the creature into madness,
as the demon begins beating on the man
furiously and smashing everything around.
Before Tang is killed, a woman grabs the
demon and begins beating on the creature,
eventually sealing the monster into a
magical cloth, and turning it into a doll.
It turns out the woman's name is Duan, and
she's one of the demon hunters as well,
but when Tang shows her the tools
that he use to conquer the monsters,
the woman laughs at him hysterically while all the
villagers thank her for being their true savior.
Tang is upset at the failure, but his master tells
him that it's never easy to
change evil into goodness.
He tells the monk that there's a
second demon that he must conqueror,
who lives in a nearby restaurant and
uses human flesh as cooking materials.
At night, Tang arrives at the demon's
restaurant and enters the building,
only to see that it's full of
people who are enjoying their meals.
He's greeted by a woman who
begins to show him around,
but Tang is able to see through the illusions
right away and tells her to show her true form.
The demon charges at Tang as he runs in
fear, but he's saved when Duan shows up
and punches the woman repeatedly,
eventually turning her into dust.
She begins attacking everyone in the restaurant,
breaking the demons apart
one by one using her rings.
the woman shouts for the boss to come
out, as a young man sneaks behind her,
but Duan counters immediately and begins fighting
the demon as they exchange furious attacks.
The woman is able to gain the advantage
and punches the man across the room.
She then summons numerous rings, and begins
firing them at the demon, aiming purposely at
the man's face, eventually breaking he's
skin and revealing the snout of a pig.
The demon begins blocking all
her attacks using the rake,
and closing the distance towards the woman.
He swings at Duan furiously,
forcing the woman to defend herself,
but is able to strike into her flesh
whiles she escapes right before impact.
Duan jumps behind the creature
and begins kicking him,
forcing the monster to reveal it's true
form, which turns out to be a demon pig.
She locks the creatures arms and prevents him from
moving, while shouting for Tang to come and help.
Duan has locked the demon's
essence inside his throat,
and requires Tang to suck it out from the pig.
The man tries to conjure up enough
courage to complete the task,
but finds it extremely difficult after
looking at the monster's hideous face.
Luckily, Tang falls by accident in
this madness and kisses the pig,
sucking the demon inside his mouth.
Duan quickly takes the essence from the
man and puts inside her bag of sealing.
However the demon is too powerful to
be contain and begins to grow larger,
eventually breaking free and
showing it's monstrous form.
The two quickly runs away as the
entire building crashes down.
They are able to escape the demon
as they arrive beside a lake.
Duan falls down from the pain of her injuries,
and proceeds to demonstrate her female
assets right in front of the main character.
The lucky man gets even luckier when she tells
him to put pressure on her
wounds and stop the bleeding,
which Tang was able to do at
the cost of bleeding himself,
but it doesn't seem like he minds very much.
When Duan closes her eyes and leans in for a
kiss, the man suddenly realizes that he's a monk,
and runs away from the woman immediately,
most likely not wanting to pay for
any child supports in the future.
The next day, Tang goes back to his master,
telling the old man that he failed once again.
The master tells the young man that
in order to conquer the pig monster,
he must go to an the king of all demons for help.
Apparently this powerful entity is
known as WuKong, who was locked up
500 years ago under a great mountain by
the Gods for causing havoc in the heavens.
At night while traveling inside the forest,
Tang runs into a trap set by a group of
people who appears to be extremely hostile,
but it turns out that they all work for Duan,
and she plans to force the monk
to marry her no matter what.
However, Tang refuses, claiming that he can't love
her as the monk's code dictates that he
must love everyone in this world equally.
In a fit of rage, Duan locks the man inside
while thinking about what to do with him next.
Her sister tries to convince her to be more
feminine and use her dancing to attract the man,
but after seeing her horrible moves,
the woman puts a talisman on Duan and plans to
control her movements while seducing the monk.
Duan goes to her crush, but things quickly
go wrong as the charm begins to malfunction,
causing the woman to strike
the main character repeatedly
until the charm accidentally flies onto the man.
Duan runs out of the room in guilt, but at
the same time, the sister begins dancing,
causing Tang to shake his body exactly like
her in front of the guards who rushed in.
The men sees the monk's ridiculous moves
and proceeds to beat him up once again,
only stopping when the sister runs
inside after realizing something's wrong.
Their fun is cut short when they
see that the pig demon has arrived,
and the group quickly goes on their vehicle
and tries to run desperately for their lives.
However, the pig is able to catch up and charges
directly at the group. Duan sees this and pushes
the monk off the car, before the demon crashes
into the group breaking everything apart.
Luckily, no one got hurt in the crash, but
they are quickly cornered by the demon,
as it plans to take vengeance on their
guild leader for their previous battle.
Suddenly, a man with a tiger's aura charges
towards the monster and begins to overpower it,
tossing the creature in the air and landing
a devastating kick, forcing the demon to run.
It turns out that the man is also a demon
hunter, and he's accompanied by the mighty foot,
along side prince important and his four beautiful
nannies who he commands to throw
flower peddles at all times.
However, his servant seem to
be terrible at following orders
and embarrasses him continuously
by calling him prince important.
The three begins arguing for who gets to take
down the pig demon which greatly angers Tang,
claiming that they are only doing this for money
and vanity, not worth of being true demon hunters.
Tang tells Duan to give him back
the nursery rhymes that she took,
and begins yelling at her for wasting his time.
This causes the woman to become
furious as she rips the book into
pieces and throwing it in the air.
She begins hitting Tang with anger and
tells him that he's nothing without her,
and would of died a long time ago.
Tang gets up in silence and sees that Duan
is trying to flirt with the prince in order
to make him jealous, but begins walking
away as the girl looks at him in sadness.
After traveling for a long time through
the lands, Tang eventually arrives on a
mountain where its covered in lily
pads despite the absence of water.
He sees a large Lily flower grown through what
appears to be a hole inside, and proceeds to
jump in, only to find a crazy looking
man who hugs and kisses him repeatedly.
Tang realizes that this must be Wukong and tries
to ask him for help in defeating the pig demon,
but the man is only interested in leaving
this place, and tries desperately to trick
the monk into removing the seal, claiming
that its capable of capturing the monster.
However, Tang does not fall for the petty tricks,
causing Wukong to try to escape in frustration,
but the roots in the cave traps the demon
inside and begins wiping him for disobedience.
Tang begins to feel sorry for
the man, and offers him a banana,
which softens the demon's demeanors as he begins
telling the monk how to defeat the pig monster.
Because the demon used to
love his wife tremendously,
they need to get a beautiful woman
to dance under the moonlight,
which will attract the monster towards the
cave, allowing Wukong to trap it inside as well.
Suddenly, Duan jumps into the cave
after hearing about their plan,
and offers to be the bait for the pig demon.
Tang sees the woman and tells her to get out,
but Wukong begins flirting with
her as he teaches her to dance.
It's quite evident that the
monk truly does love the woman,
as he feels great discomfort at the
sight of the affectionate display.
At night, Duan begins dancing under the
moonlight as the monk plays the music for her.
The man watches the woman as he falls deeper
in love with every move that she makes.
Soon, they hear a monstrous roar and
sees that the pig demon has arrived.
Wukong begins talking with creature from
inside the cave, causing the monster to
peek under the lilies, only to be sucked
in completely by the sealing of the gods.
Duan turns the pig demon into a
doll, and gives both monster to Tang,
allowing him to use his nursery
rhymes to convert the evil creatures.
She puts a ring on the monk and wants
to marry him, but Tang become extremely
upset and would rather cut off his own
finger than be in a relationship with her.
Duan sees this and takes off the
ring herself, trying to give back
the nursery rhyme that she glued back together,
but the monk refuses the book in anger.
The woman sees the man's
conviction and leaves in tears,
promising to not follow him anymore in the future.
Tang walks out from the cave and
looks towards the moon in sadness,
suffering from the pain of his true feelings.
He hears Wukong asking for a favor to remove
the lily flower which block the entrance,
as he wants to enjoy the moonlight as well.
The monk cut off the flower,
but immediately notices something wrong
as all the lilies are consumed in flames.
Wukong laughs Maniacally inside the cave,
before finally breaking free in a ball of
fire that lands directly in front of the monk.
He grabs the man and tosses him away
like a ragdoll, before catching him again
under the mountain, mocking the man for being
so easily tricked to unleash the demon king.
Tang tells the monkey demon
that he hasn't escaped,
as the Buddha is watching
everything even at this moment.
In a fit of rage, Wukong begins
ripping off the monk's hair violently,
eventually leaving nothing left, but is
furious that the man's will is still intact.
Suddenly, the demon feels a presence behind and
sees that the three demon hunters have arrived.
The fist of north star prepares
to attack the demon king,
but Wukong launches forward and quickly kills
the man as he bites down on the hunter's throat.
The Mighty foot sees this and begins
transforming, growing a giant leg the
size of a school bus and kicks the monkey demon
with immense force, knocking him backwards.
The old man jumps in the air and stomps at
Wukong, but the monkey king pierces right
through the feet and kicks the old man into the
air, sending him right on top of the prince.
He tells the nannies to throw away the old man,
and begins throwing numerous swords at the demon,
forcing Wukong to escape into the air as
the weapons continues to follow
and attack where ever he goes.
The demon takes out his weapon as well,
and begins knocking the swords away,
but the prince combines all the weapons into
one and send it flying towards the monkey.
The attack was so powerful that it
begins breaking apart the demon's staff,
but eventually hits a wall when it makes contact
with the monkey and gets shattered into pieces.
Wukong Roars at the attackers furiously,
creating a shockwave that turns
the demon hunters into dust.
He turns the attention towards
the monk, but surprisingly,
Duan jumps out and begins defending
the man even after what he said to her.
The woman begins attacking Wukong with her rings,
but the weapons all shatter as into
pieces after hitting the demon king.
She charges towards the monkey,
but Wukong easily stops her by striking
her head and sends her flying backwards.
Tang crawls towards the woman, and Duan
whispers to him, asking if he ever loved her.
The monk begins crying helplessly and
tells Duan that he always lover her,
ever since the first time they met.
Hearing the man's confession, Duan
finally dies with tears in her eyes
while Tang hold her and kisses her, taking
her ring and putting it on his finger.
Before the man can finish mourning,
Wukong takes the girl's body and throws it in
the air, blasting it into a million pieces.
Suddenly the demon feels something
wrong and retreats immediately,
only to see that Tang has finally
let go of all mortal attachments.
The monk begins reading the book that Duan put
together, and chanting to the words inside,
creating a massive Buddha that
overlooks the entire planet.
The giant statue begins pushing
its palm towards the planet,
creating a massive shockwave as it enters
the atmosphere and lighting its hand on fire.
Wukong sees this and refuses to give up,
gathering all his energy onto his body,
and quickly transforming into King Kong, towering
over everything while screaming furiously.
The giant palm approaches closer and closer
towards the demon, and Wukong tries to lift the
Buddah at the last moment, managing to stop the
attack as he struggles under the immense weight.
However, the demon is no
match for the god's power,
and gets crushed underneath the massive hand.
Wukong is brought into a different dimension,
where Tang has finally conquered the demon.
He proceeds to takes off Duan's ring
and binds it onto the monkey' head,
making the demon his new disciple.
The monk's master tells the man that he's
now ready for the journey to the west.
He'll obtain the holy scriptures from
India, accompanied by the demons who are
now his students, so that they may
lessen the sufferings of humanity.
So what do you guys think about this movie? Let
me know in the comments below! And if you like
my video, please press like and subscribe
for more, I'll see you guys next time!